ippeve{printer,pcl,ps}: add pages (#11846)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/ippeveprinter.md

# ippeveprinter

> > A simple IPP Everywhere printer server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A simple IPP everywhere printer server.
```

Author: I think "Everywhere" should stay this way, IPP Everywhere™ is a trademark.

Reviewer: Oh ok, thanks for the information. Will resolve this.

> See also: `ippeveps`, `ippevepcl`.
> More information: <https://www.cups.org/doc/man-ippeveprinter.html>.

> - Run the server with a specific service name:
> 
> `ippeveprinter {{"My Fake Printer"}}`
> 
> - Load printer attributes from a PPD file:
> 
> `ippeveprinter -P {{path/to/file.ppd}} {{"My Fake Printer"}}`
> 
> - Run the `file` command whenever a job is sent to the server:
> 
> `ippeveprinter -c {{/usr/bin/file}} {{"My Fake Printer"}}`
> 
> - Specify the directory that will hold the print files (by default, a directory under the user's temporary directory):
> 
> `ippeveprinter -d {{spool_directory}} {{"My Fake Printer"}}`
> 
> - Keep the print documents in the spool directory rather than deleting them:
> 
> `ippeveprinter -k {{"My Fake Printer"}}`
> 
> - Specify the printer speed in pages/min (10 by default):
> 
> `ippeveprinter -s {{speed}} {{"My Fake Printer"}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the server with a specific service name:

`ippeveprinter "{{service_name}}"`

- Load printer attributes from a PPD file:

`ippeveprinter -P {{path/to/file.ppd}} "{{service_name}}"`

- Run the `file` command whenever a job is sent to the server:

`ippeveprinter -c {{/usr/bin/file}} "{{service_name}}"`

- Specify the directory that will hold the print files (by default, a directory under the user's temporary directory):

`ippeveprinter -d {{spool_directory}} "{{service_name}}"`

- Keep the print documents in the spool directory rather than deleting them:

`ippeveprinter -k "{{service_name}}"`

- Specify the printer speed in pages/minute unit (10 by default):

`ippeveprinter -s {{speed}} "{{service_name}}"`
```
